hello so today I am going to do a little
soup quick out of the day for you I
happen at school today um it's a little
bit warmer now I've that's really hot I
wasn't in my coat and I was at school
and then we went to the theater tonight
to the riverside studios in Hammersmith
which was really good see apps from two
boys and and I loved it I'm for my
a-level drama more theatre studies and
we have to UNT live productions and get
ideas and five and so that was really
fun really fun so this is what is very
today here we go you can see it and so
from the top I am wearing my aviator
jacket check out for my 17th birthday
and that was from the leather shop on
High Street ken it's a one end of it
Street Kensington and which I like goes
well with lots of things so that I
didn't really get to say much because it
was that's more so then I have you've
all seen before my necklace which I was
having to think about and I think I
reckon I got it i'm a holiday when i was
in a be fair i'm not sure that's what i
think it was from but you can find lots
like it's just lots of tears and because
this is high necked thought it down a
bit it stopped actually I was supposed
to it my birthday in my birthday haul
and because I did get it for my birthday
and it's from Oasis as well but I can
find at the time so this is from Oasis
yes it's quite cash top with stripes on
and then the stripes and these bits go
the other way which are nice and then I
just
don't a pair of sorry video cut off
which is super helpful okay then I have
some linen shorts and some beige shorts
which are from vero moda don't have set
I've got my nose in Cornwall and and
some opaque tights and my brown loafers
which I love show you in sultan no brown
loafers and they were from a sauce and
and i love them wear them Lots although
they do stretch a bit so I've had to put
in souls in them but they're lovely love
those um and that was my apt of the day
I hope you enjoyed by